README.md, before:

# Fresh project

Your new Fresh project is ready to go. You can follow the Fresh "Getting
Started" guide here: https://fresh.deno.dev/docs/getting-started

### Usage

Make sure to install Deno:
https://docs.deno.com/runtime/getting_started/installation

Then start the project in development mode:

```
deno task dev
```

This will watch the project directory and restart as necessary.

## Project Roadmap: Modern Blog

### 1. Core Architecture

- [*] **Styling Engine:** Integrate **Tailwind CSS** for rapid, modern UI
  development.
- [*] **Content Management:** Implement a Markdown-based system for blog posts.
  - [ ] **Advanced Rendering:** Utilize `react-markdown` with custom component
        mapping (by aliasing React to Preact in `deno.json`) to render Markdown
        content into styled Preact components aligned with the PigMint theme.

### 2. UI/UX Features

- [*] **Responsive Design:** Mobile-first layout ensuring readability on all
  devices.
- [*] **Dark/Light Mode:** System-aware theme toggling with manual override.
- [ ] **Modern Typography:** Clean, accessible font stack.
- [ ] **Animations:** Subtle view transitions and hover effects.

### 3. Functional Features

- [ ] **Landing Page:** Hero section, followed by a grid of recent posts.
- [ ] **Article View:** Distraction-free reading experience with:
  - Syntax highlighting for code blocks.
  - Estimated reading time.
  - Author bio section.
- [ ] **Tags & Categories:** Filter posts by topic.
- [ ] **SEO:** Dynamic meta tags and Open Graph images.

Commit message:

feat: implement advanced Markdown rendering with syntax highlighting

README.md, after:

# Fresh project

Your new Fresh project is ready to go. You can follow the Fresh "Getting
Started" guide here: https://fresh.deno.dev/docs/getting-started

### Usage

Make sure to install Deno:
https://docs.deno.com/runtime/getting_started/installation

Then start the project in development mode:

```
deno task dev
```

This will watch the project directory and restart as necessary.

## Project Roadmap: Modern Blog

### 1. Core Architecture

- [*] **Styling Engine:** Integrate **Tailwind CSS** for rapid, modern UI
  development.
- [*] **Content Management:** Implement a Markdown-based system for blog posts.
  - [x] **Advanced Rendering:** Use `marked` to parse Markdown to lexer then render to preact components and rehype-highlight for syntax highlighting.

### 2. UI/UX Features

- [*] **Responsive Design:** Mobile-first layout ensuring readability on all
  devices.
- [*] **Dark/Light Mode:** System-aware theme toggling with manual override.
- [ ] **Modern Typography:** Clean, accessible font stack.
- [ ] **Animations:** Subtle view transitions and hover effects.

### 3. Functional Features

- [ ] **Landing Page:** Hero section, followed by a grid of recent posts.
- [ ] **Article View:** Distraction-free reading experience with:
  - Syntax highlighting for code blocks.
  - Estimated reading time.
  - Author bio section.
- [ ] **Tags & Categories:** Filter posts by topic.
- [ ] **SEO:** Dynamic meta tags and Open Graph images.
